Add Jamie and his projects (#94)
scala/scala.epfl.ch: _projects/25-tasty-scala-2.md

---
label: tastyScala2
name: TASTy Reader For Scala 2
web:
github:
origin:
contributors: [jamie]
status: Active
type: project
active: true
home: false

> description: Read Scala 3 libraries from Scala 2

Reviewer: Consider: *Consume* Scala 3 libraries from Scala 2. We can *read* TASTy, or *consume* libraries, but *reading* libraries is confusing, IMO.

Author: I agree Consume sounds better

---
The upcoming Scala 3 has a new syntax and different rules for type inference, breaking source compatibility with the Scala 2 series. The Scala 3 compiler uses a new binary format, TASTy (Typed Abstract Syntax Trees), to serialise code after type checking is completed.

Among other uses, TASTy contains all the information required to read typed Scala signatures from packaged binaries, agnostic to a particular compiler implementation. By enabling the Scala 2 compiler to read signatures from TASTy, Scala 2 libraries can have dependencies compiled with Scala 3 or anything else that targets the format.

> In addition, the Scala 3 compiler can read pickled signatures from Scala 2 binaries, enabling separate modules to migrate gradually to the new compiler, rather than all at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the Scala 3 compiler can already read pickled signatures from Scala 2 binaries, this project will enable bidirectional dependencies between Scala 2 and 3, allowing separate modules to migrate gradually to the new compiler, rather than all at once.
```
